HELM-348: Create documentation for each of the panels provided by Helm (#566)
OpenNMS/opennms-helm: docs/modules/getting_started/pages/basic_walkthrough.adoc

[[getting-started-basic-walkthrough]]
= Basic Walk-Through

This section demonstrates how to create a simple dashboard in {page-component-title}.
The process includes the following steps:

* xref:bw-app-setup[Set up the application and custom actions].
* xref:bw-ds-setup[Set up datasources].
* xref:bw-dash-setup[Create a dashboard].
* xref:bw-panel-create[Create a panel].

This walk-through assumes that you have the following:

> * An instance of Grafana with the {page-component-title} application installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An instance of Grafana with the {page-component-title} plugin installed.
```

This section demonstrates how to create a simple dashboard with {page-component-title}:

* xref:bw-app-setup[Set up the application and custom actions].
* xref:bw-ds-setup[Set up datasources].
* xref:bw-dash-setup[Create a dashboard].
* xref:bw-panel-create[Create a panel].

The walk-through assumes that you have the following:

* An instance of Grafana with the {page-component-title} application installed.

> * An instance of OpenNMS that is reachable from the Grafana instance above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* An instance of OpenNMS that is reachable from your Grafana instance.
```

[[bw-app-setup]]
== Set up plugin

> In this section, you will enable the {page-component-title} plugin in Grafana and create <<custom-actions, custom actions>> to help with alarm diagnosis.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this section, you will enable the {page-component-title} plugin in Grafana and create <<custom-actions, custom actions>> to help with alarm diagnosis:
```

. Navigate to the home page of your Grafana instance.

> . In the left menu, click the *Configuration* icon, and click *Plugins*:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the left menu, click the *Configuration* symbol, and click *Plugins*:
```

. In the *Config* tab, click *Enable*.
+
A *Disable* button indicates that the plugin is already enabled.

> You may also choose *Update* for the latest version of {page-component-title}.

Reviewer 2: Does this update OpenNMS Horizon/Meridian itself, or the plugin that the user is setting up?

Author: Good point. Just the plugin.

> You may also choose *Update* for the latest version of {page-component-title}.

Author: ```suggestion
You may also choose *Update* for the latest version of the {page-component-title} plugin.
```

. In the *Config* tab, click *Enable*.
+

> A *Disable* button indicates the plugin is already enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A *Disable* button indicates that the plugin is already enabled.
```

Skip to the next step (create <<custom-actions, custom actions>>).

> You may also choose *Update* for the latest version of {page-component-title}.

Reviewer 2: Why do we tell the user to skip to the next step here? This seems to be the last step in this part of the procedure, unless them choosing to update the plugin should also be a step?

Author: Good catch. I do not know. Updated.

[[custom-actions]]
=== Custom actions

> A custom action is a user-defined operation, such as a link to a node detail page or a Wiki knowledge base article, that might help users better diagnose an alarm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A custom action is a user-defined operation, such as a link to a node detail page or a knowledge base article, that might help users better diagnose an alarm.
```

== Dashboard setup

This section describes how to create a dashboard with an alarms table.
For information on displaying other data in a dashboard, see xref:bw-panel-create[creating a panel].

. In the left menu, click the *+* symbol and choose *Dashboard* to create a new dashboard.
. Click *Add Panel > Add an Empty Panel* and configure its settings in the lower half of the screen:
+
image::gf-panel-config.png[Configure Panel, 500]

. Select the datasource that you created in xref:bw-ds-setup[Datasource Setup] from the *Query* list.
. Select *Alarms* from the *Select* list.
** Configure additional information and add filters as desired (click *+ Query* to add queries).

. Under Panel Options, type the panel's name in the *Title* box.
. Under Visualization, select *Alarm Table*.
The graph appears in the top of the panel.
** You can further customize the graph by specifying information under Panel Options.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> For information on displaying additional or different types of data, see xref:bw-panel-create[creating a panel].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For information on displaying other data in a dashboard, see xref:bw-panel-create[creating a panel].
```

> . Create a new dashboard by clicking the *+* sign in the left sidebar to open the Create menu and choose *Dashboard*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the left menu, click the *+* symbol and choose *Dashboard* to create a new dashboard.
```

> . Click *Add Panel>Add an empty panel* and configure the panel in the lower half of the screen:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click *Add Panel > Add an Empty Panel* and configure its settings in the lower half of the screen:
```

+
image::gf-panel-config.png[Configure Panel, 500]

> . In the *Query* drop-down, select the datasource we previously created in xref:bw-ds-setup[Datasource Setup].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Select the datasource that you created in xref:bw-ds-setup[Datasource Setup] from the *Query* list.
```

> . Select *Alarms* in the Select list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Select *Alarms* from the *Select* list.
```

> .. Configure additional information and add filters as desired (click *+Query* to add queries).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** Configure additional information and add filters as desired (click *+ Query* to add queries).
```

> . In the *Panel Options* area on the right, add a name for the panel in the *Title* box.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Under Panel Options, type the panel's name in the *Title* box.
```

> . Under *Visualization*, select *Alarm Table*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Under Visualization, select *Alarm Table*.
```

The graph appears in the top of the panel.

> .. You can further customize the graph by specifying information in the *Panel Options* area.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** You can further customize the graph by specifying information under Panel Options.
```

. In the top-right menu, click *Save*.

> . Enter a name for the dashboard and click *Save*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Type a name for the dashboard and click *Save*.
```

[[bw-panel-create]]
== Create a panel

A panel is the part of your dashboard that displays the fault and performance management data that you specify.

Before you add a panel, determine the type of data that you want to display (performance, metrics, alarms or nodes, and so on) and make sure that you have xref:bw-ds-setup[set up the associated datasource].
Default graph types in Grafana work only with the appropriate datasource (for example, an alarm table visualization will not display data if a flow datasource is specified).

{page-component-title} includes the following custom panels:

* Alarm Histogram
* Alarm Table
* Filter Panel
* Flow Histogram

For more information about custom panel types, see xref:panel_configuration:index.adoc#custom-panel[Default custom panels].

Follow the steps below to create a new panel in your existing dashboard:

. Navigate to your dashboard and click the *Add Panel* symbol.
. Click *Add New Panel*.

> . Select the datasource from the *Query* list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Select a datasource from the *Query* list.
```

[[bw-panel-create]]
== Create a panel

A panel is the part of your dashboard that displays the fault and performance management data that you specify.

Before you add a panel, determine the type of data that you want to display (performance, metrics, alarms or nodes, and so on) and make sure that you have xref:bw-ds-setup[set up the associated datasource].
Default graph types in Grafana work only with the appropriate datasource (for example, an alarm table visualization will not display data if a flow datasource is specified).

{page-component-title} includes the following custom panels:

* Alarm Histogram
* Alarm Table
* Filter Panel
* Flow Histogram

For more information about custom panel types, see xref:panel_configuration:index.adoc#custom-panel[Default custom panels].

Follow the steps below to create a new panel in your existing dashboard:

. Navigate to your dashboard and click the *Add Panel* symbol.
. Click *Add New Panel*.
. Select the datasource from the *Query* list.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

== Create a panel

> A panel is the part of your dashboard that displays the fault and performance management data you specify.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A panel is the part of your dashboard that displays the fault and performance management data that you specify.
```

> Before you add a panel, determine the type of data you want to display (performance, metrics, alarms/nodes), and make sure that you have xref:bw-ds-setup[set up the associated datasource].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before you add a panel, determine the type of data that you want to display (performance, metrics, alarms or nodes, and so on) and make sure that you have xref:bw-ds-setup[set up the associated datasource].
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Default graph types in Grafana work only with the appropriate datasource (for example, an alarm table visualization will not display data if a flow datasource is specified).

{page-component-title} includes the following custom panels:

* Alarm Histogram
* Alarm Table
* Filter Panel
* Flow Histogram

> For more information about them, see xref:panel_configuration:index.adoc#custom-panel[Default custom panels].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about custom panel types, see xref:panel_configuration:index.adoc#custom-panel[Default custom panels].
```

> . In your dashboard, click the *Add Panel* icon and select *Add New Panel*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to create a new panel in your existing dashboard:

. Navigate to your dashboard and click the *Add Panel* symbol.
. Click *Add New Panel*.
```
